[16.0][ADD] stock_move_negative_stock_location (#1801)
OCA/stock-logistics-workflow: stock_move_negative_stock_location/readme/DESCRIPTION.rst

> When making an stock move with a negative quantity, odoo convert it to a positive return move and the locations are inverted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When making a stock move with a negative quantity, Odoo converts it to a positive return move and the locations are inverted.
```
